Awesome never longer than set :-)

Very good App but it can be improved but it is one of the best q I have tried

Good

Nice

It is good

Very good application

Blessed nappke

Super app!! An Allied daily newspaper

I like it. Easy to use

Very good app!

Tupit, does not always understand that you want to include. ..

I like it!!

Very good if it shoots good I stop

Deleted

Huita

Very well done.

For a stand-alone application, or when the alarm timer this is!?

Good app, * they like. Missing function not due to switch automatically to flight mode and silent.

Better that I tried

useful

Very good App!

Super app for my purposes.

Unnecessary app just buys you an alarm clock or uses the standard alarm clock!

Does exactly what it promises, what you want

Easy to use

Cheek's grandson!

I really like the only thing missing is more to put a tone or tones! But in general very useful

It is very efficient because it helps us to review something, also works with Cortana which makes it more interesting.

Good

Good

Good application

Very good very useful

Very good.

I found the critical application, I really liked it and he didn't introduce me crashes!

Very useful

Very handy, not only to the powernappen, also called timer super good. There would of course be the possibility the seconds to stop the coronation. If the hours would run faster with the setting, I would this app like morning to the wake up take!

Good app!

It is good

If you have ever wondered what it takes for a NAP of an app this app has not tried yet. Geilo. Voice control works perfectly!

It is an excellent application

Because full range 😊 20 min

Very good second only time who wants to

Excellent :) but almost does not sound strong but works perfect :)

great priloženie👍

Very good 👍

Great easy and very useful

Very useful and good operation. Is fun. Would be nice if you flight mode directly the and could switch off. But this is whining at a high level.

Does exactly what it is supposed to.

Good

Very good recommend.

Well done, but 99 cents for the payment option also would have been enough.

Very good

Ta chida the app lol

Perfect.

Very practical and useful so I recommend :D

NAP artifact

It is good, at least it fits my needs.

Mouai ca shakes me from time to time but if you want to keep the place do download it not like that you would keep the place and more cois have the alarm

I enter you Ant to the mound, good ta ta

We know when to up

Practical and necessary p hj days! Fell like a glove.

Is good but lacks more ringtones 

Does what it promises and perfect!

Good, but not so much.

Is really a good app. Deserves the star 

Very good choice I think when one needs a moment to relax 

Runs!

Simple and good!

Good application

Excellent

Very good

Ceased to run, reinstall did not help. The idea is very good. Does not work ...

The program is good. I recommend it

I'm very happy, just right for the nappen but also as the "Hourglass".

Very good!!!

Very good 

Perfect app now use every day all day I can control my sleep  and my naps

Great application and very useful. The best are the commands and compatibility with cortana

Does what it is supposed to and that 👍 very well. Lumia 930

Super easy, super convenient, super effective super app 

Useful to relax

I had q change w10 w8 and not only for this application

Functionally, it use often!

Ideal app for those who like to take a NAP and you can't miss!

Great functions ... good app

I valid

Very good tool I used much thank you for creating it...

All right

Can not pake voice mail

The truth that very good App helps me a lot

Good application

Works

Excellent

Great!

Works great!

Ideal for the NAPs in between...

Good, but missing more alarms and alarm clock tones.

Great, more could improve, like Mark hours ideal d sleep, it is a very simple app ... so don't think it wouldn't be so hard ... is tip producers ... 

Great 

Instead of coffee is excellent!

Very buena.me helps to schedule my breaks. And use it as a reminder

Good and useful

Very useful

Cool idea :)

Really practice.

Very helpful

Application does not open in the preview of Windows 10, correct.

Very useful

A good idea...

Good

Implemented perfectly with cortana

Perfect

What it does is to... nice minimalist design!

Great

Very bom

We can't yet see WP10. Lumia 930.

Useful

Great app, very good p a quick NAP, always use it on my lunch break.

Will testit′ for design 5

Fulfills what it promises

Very good app 

I really enjoyed. Simple, but very useful. Help me to know how long do I have to rest or sleep

Is good. Worth having. I recommend.

Very useful is ideal for my. Thanks a lot!!!

Very good

Very good application 

Nice 

Very good

It fulfills its function

Excellent worth paying.

Great to take a NAP without having to calculate the time of awakening. Different ringtones possible. The statistical function is pay, but do I personally need. Only problem, french spelling mistakes, suddenly, sometimes it is not too much if airplane mode is enabled or to enable.

THX To really.

Excellent, very practical.

Good

Excellent. It is exactly what you should serve. :)

It is fantastic

Super

It would be better to ask and to answer time voice although somewhat huevón lol!

Very good the truth except for l number of ringtones for alarm...

MT Boom So I would like to know how to use By voice command kkkk-*

Best alarm clock

Well useful!

Excellent app

Good ringtones appreciated to wake up. It goes out of style aroused pattern.

App interesting

Excellent help you lot mess more functions in the update

Very good

Very good is the Super Recomiiendo is of great help good App Enceriio Quee Sii 

Yes

Good

It meets...

Very good. Could have other functions

Wonderful

Super • good voice control • easy to • use very little advertising • app I have on my Hendy best alarm clock never crashes on the.   

The best alarm clock app that I have!

Very good

Very good for sticking a ciesta in paste 

Very good

Works beautifully!

Super app, the voice command works again!

Very good

It fulfills its mission

Not Sirba

A super app, makes 😊 what they should and the really gut...mit support for cortana

Great. already not I fall asleep

It works.

Very good

Your cash

Excellent

Very practical. Really liked it!

Have a sono. ZZZZ

Very nice

It is what I needed

This very good, I love 

Charm me. Especially the power handle it with voice control. Do not hesitate to download this app for those q like to sleep to 10 m before going s work

Very good

Esta chido I like!

Works!

Excellent I would say just for what you need

Class, also secure against burnout... 😊 ICH use the app E.g. to increase my performance on the job, and in the evening to be KO'D on the sofa. Awesome, and only to empfehlen😉

It is very good and works perfectly

Good, improving the voice commands, I use a lot.

Now with powernapp my NAPs are more quiet, not already suffer from the stress of the job and my life is much more happy, thank you powernapp!

This alarm clock with sound of waves is too much.

Very good. Quickly you have everything ready for sleep. At the beginning I didn't see you as useful, but it is easier to use than putting alarms.

Best app I've downloaded on Windows Phone ...

Good, but if you will display any calls, will magnificently!

Super part and extremely practical

Very useful! It fulfills what it promises no more!

How good-andaluz comes to my Pearl for programs my daily NAPs xD Felicades to create the APP that we needed.

Very good

Fantastic, wake up you a smoothly!

Great

Excellent application, never let him down, I highly recommend!

But why, calendar days ago shows, I do not understand (and excellent)

It is good 

Is good ...

This excellent is a very good application and it works I recommend it to 10000%

Simple I'll take cortana

I love this app is very useful for travelling by bus 🚌 well as you responds to voice with Cortana commands

Very nice this application!  recommend!

I liked it, I thought useful 

Great sç

I love the app correctly! and especially in conjunction with Cortana. 

Simple but effective recommended because it is more easy to use q normal alarm for short NAPs

An application that fulfills what it promises. Application of 10.

I love it, it is excellent this app has saved me from many and also works to 100%. I highly recommend it.

Excellent application, only that sometimes does not sound not is why, very rare occasion.

It is a good application. Quick to set up.

Very right. Thank you! 

Can buy an extension it gives error message.

Good

Many functions paid spoils the app

Very good

I couldn't sleep because my sleep was all messed up now with this app I sleep calm helped me a lot. ... Very nice app I recommend them.

As work

Very good application

Very good app for those who have not yet awakened

This perfect to set quick alarms and take a NAP for a few minutes...

Pretty good

Excellent simple useful

I recommend you really good

I don't know how to use this train for the love of god help me

Very, very good, I like very much,

Very good app

So, if I were an app, I'd be this. Awesome! And nothing comes to mind, what could be done better or differently. My last only this. 

Very practical

It is very good as it helps one to sleep

A nice alarm clock.

Very good 

Chingon is /, /,

Magnificent

Good

Very good

Very good 

It really helps to wake up on time! Thanks to the developers.

Great app, nicely done.

Easy to use very useful for quick alarms. Useful to schedule a NAP. always use it, I recommend it.

I do not know

Super app! Complements the boring stand type clock.

Very nice I like

A big SHIT

Great app. .. For those who work the night you know how important it is to take a sleep fast ... My schedule was resting but safe

Very good and stimulating for those who are discouraged to take a NAP 

Very good!

Simply the best of all I tested serves as configurable alarm clock 1 minute to hours, congratulations on your application!

All important criteria! I like very much! Also, you can choose between different alarm tones. Can I recommend without reservations!

Great!!!!

Very good app

Coooooole app cool thank you you're cool meet? You have number just texting 

I like

Super easy to use. Is also great to use for all day-to-day operations. Such as timer or the inhale.

Great.

Excellent app.. 

Easy and efficient

Does very well what they want.

Very well not be how to use the voice commands but very good

Excellent application, the only thing annoying is advertising. Lumia users deserve to have free applications and most varied if ads as other systems.

As sleep a few minutes more without having to speak and without having to rrrrecorrrrer all the numbering which was is the only bad thing

I enjoyed 

It's pretty good

Very praktisch.da I in the shift operation work I often take a NAP.

Brilliant app! Thank you very much, the Sautermeister apps on my phone are the most frequently used :-)...!

Well

It is good... [I recommend it =]

Very good, but the truth does need the alarm sounds a little harder.

Great App, very useful. Simple and concise, you need and nothing more.

Great

Very good-recommended

Excellent for taking time

Ok

Easy to use. Very well, I find the ability to change the flight mode.

Practical...

Useless, a waste of time.

Practical, .gut and easy

Great to use when I give a 30 min NAP, he is very efficient.

Haha super bien

Very good... perfect to sleep without anything q you bother...

Simple app, but really effective!

Simple and effective

Very good app. Can use well.

Simple use!

Very good app, the perfect complement to my N.. 520 

Excellent!

Very good application

Could have the option of customizing the alarms ....

Help me a lot, especially when I need to relax a little bit!

Not working voice nor which team, ahsoka Tano 630

Very good

And it would be better if you could configure manually schedule in which I want to wake me...

That's great!!! It helps me a lot!, highly recommended 

Good

I like very much

Very good... It would be good to change color...

Excellent

Very very very good!!!

Serves pro purpose. Always use

Quite useful. I really enjoyed. Congratulations!

He does what he says. The only drawback that will see the time remaining in the livetile

Very good app

Works fine what proposes

Very useful

Top app, does what she can, simply and clearly, if one has found all functions, such as E.g. the vibration alarm, uncharted territory for me as WindowsPhoneNeieinsteiger goes only when the monitor is not locked,

Great, I love porq is super practical... On my part are thumbs 5 arriba😊

Very useful

Not have failed

Totally relaxing! 😊

Excellent

It is not with voice

Wonderful, useful, many dank

Very good I recommend it

Excellent and useful!!

Ta chida, at least already be long sleep

Too good

Useful

I like it but it should have option to repeat the alarm x days

Very useful. Show

Good. Simple and functional.

Simple and fast operation. Sleep well!

Excellent

Its actually a alarm.. for a nap.. i don't why these ******* idiots give good nice etc.. ********...pls don't download waste of time and space....

The alarm should be more noisy and with a higher volume

Very well, is perfect to take NAPs, not is because he is so called if he invented it would have to be Spanish.

I like more as I am, if I like even more

I love it

The additional information n become a benchmark that big, they are generic mt.

Very good application

Very cool app. Would be nice if you still could adjust how much NAPs are necessary until the tines in the calendar is displayed

I really like.

Good app for the amateur of NAP but it would be nice to be able to customize the ringtone. A Board, half an hour is top;)

Very helpful 

I find this app very well

That's great!!!

Good

Good

Perfect

Than good alternative.

This very good app

Useful. Practical alarm clock. That add to an own ringtone would be nice.

good

Excellent!

It is very father

Do not call.

Effective!

Good

Love to take a NAP before training: 3

Very good!

It is very good

Excellent app

Search by inside very good song

Super timer, by far the best one I found in the store. Thanks!

Add cool again, full story

Great App.Nix to complain about.

Good

One of the best app I've ever seen

Excellent!

You should be able to choose the sound volume. It hits me a few scares...  But it works great. I use it daily.

App really help to know how much we sleep and how statistically we slept in a given period. You can even replace the cell phone alarm for him

Good

I sleep better and rest well more

Very useful!!!

Super convenient for the small NAPs

Super app. No frills. What she is doing

Well, if the Chinese would be nice

Great

Good

Excellent

Excellent

And good

Does what it is supposed to. Fits

It is convenient I love the ocean and edges thanks to still add music

It does sound like *****.

It's great: 3

I'm testing it...

Very good

When I see so many people say that this app is good to discover that the Brazil really has 150 million illiterates.

Perfect

Nice toy and to use as a timer

Is Paul

I knew

Acceptable

Very good

Very good

I really enjoyed.

More tips from the sleep and rest would make it more useful, and q can create a relaxing atmosphere for insomnia.

Good but simple.

Great program ... Do what you need. It's a timer that I use p everything, not just p sleep MTO bom!

Tip top, fast, easy, good.

Great

Very useful

Excellent application. I highly recommend it.

Good, simple and useful softina

Testing and all good at lumia 1020

Simple and functional

Just great

Works great

Very useful, recommended

Useful use often

Does what it is supposed to, but I expected more.

That's great! This is what I was looking for.

I really enjoyed

Excellent

Good

The application is very good. And I would that alarm tones you might choose by sounds of our phones. Thank you.

Very good

Could give the choice of touch

Useful. Clear. Impeccable. Comodo

Very good

I really liked

Works wonderfully. Voice control has its problems with the app name. Live tile looks good.

Very good useful app. I use them regularly

It was done for me I love to sleep hehehe

Father is the App. But I think that they should put more functions since it is equal to put your airplane mode and an alarm without having to download it. Add more!

Cool! 

Very comfortable, maybe adds some sound for the alarm

Very good, recommended

40% effective

A simple but really cool idea. Thank you so much

Simple excellent and practical

Super Apps. Only advertising on fas quitenla

PORN SEX

Very good only problem I don't have how to set the time for awakening and the amount of time. Other than that great app

Very useful

Great Ta of congratulations I and my family we love deserves 10 stars help sooo thank you..

Very useful and simple

OK

Very good

Does what it is supposed to. Good

Great

Good

I like!!

Ansichs a very good app, for one, because it replaces the systemwecker well and there are also handy for short NAP. Only defect is the very small stock of alarm tones, a little were not bad, more like the standards of lumia.

Is not easy to use are certainly better apps that are significantly better I find.

Good me to much served this tiki taka 👌

Simple but good

Ideal for soft and awakening to start the day without the usual alarm sound stressful. Excellent!

Very good

Class app! Brings you very well through the day

Very good app as stopwatch suitable

Very relaxed and fun

The best! Keep it up, do not get you any but to the app

Perfect rapport with Cortana in Spanish, very good job.

Easy to use.

Very convenient

Very bom. Always waking me up.

Highly recommended for fans of the NAPs

I like it.

Top! Super app for NAP. With Cortana integration!

DOB

Very good!

A must have app...... Very useful... Lived it.. 

Super ap does to motivated also exactly what it will do to time really to turn off

Excellent app

At last times no annoying alarm ^_^

Very nice

Very good for sluggards like me

Tip top

Very good app

Perfect for a week's work and important appointments.

Very good

Great app! Works fine

Excellent!

I loved very good application

Perfect!

Just Perfect!

Rubbish, it's just an alarm clock app, weak

Do his work, little lacking to be an option to advance the volume of ring tones...

Great!

Easy to use. App meets its purpose.

Excellent

Good, useful app

Super app, meaning good nap in which

Only four stars, feel good as WebOS version

What she is doing

Super! Can I also recommend at night to satisfy

It is good 😉

Haha n.n thank you indeed this very father

I find someone to ask 5 star to distribute very pushy!

Very good

Very good application 

No voice command works. But looks good p quick NAP

An application that is extremely useful and easy to use, highly recommended!

Simple, effective and free. All necessary 😊

It's great! Very useful

Excellent, very useful. But do not close the app, or but you cancel, keep in the background.

Very good application, I recommend it 100%

Good good

It is very useful

Good :)

Time can not be reset:(

I can't evaluate now because I'm sleeping at the moment

Good application.

Very good!!

Works

Very good

Super app

Now if I do not spend time

Basic, but useful

Good idea and works

Very good!

Tip top app, which does exactly what it is supposed to! Very simply and clearly designed.

Easy, great!

Great app. Works fine 👍

Just missing the NAP function.. After 1 min playing stop the noise and get in NAP automatically.

Great for a short break.

Lumia 520: It works and fulfills what it promises. App approved

Feeling is a countdown alarm clock, snooze time, lacks rich functionality

It is excellent!

I like much, it is very efficient

Very good app. Even more when you want to quickly call alarm and shut down the world..

Works perfectly and is faster to operate than the clock. The ability to turn on airplane mode directly from this app so for short sleep not to be disturbed is also great. 😊

Very good

Very good

The APP is not clearly bingitzzz😫😫

Very practical

Very good

Very useful!

One, in its simplicity, pretty good app; I use it actively and am satisfied.

Very good application

Voice input no longer works with Cortana. Otherwise great idea and easy implementation!

Very good

Not rang the alarm.

Superb

Great app! Dear developers, the add please more phrases, so you can say differently) for example: Roust me 7 or povernep, wake up through the space)

Excellent

Very good

Practice!

Thanks for the updates, buy the App yesterday and am very happy with it :) Saves me from having to put 5 different alarms to awaken me lol

Very chic and comfortable. I regularly use the app and am very happy.

Makes does what it is supposed to, the voice control also great. Therefore 5

Very nice

Fulfills what it promises

Cool never slept through! 

Convenient

It is very good...

Easy to use and useful 

Super good is recommend akien is

Simple and kullanışlı

That description was what you get and all qualitatively works

Not many capabilities, but purpose beautifully!

A simple account back,

Very good

It is the best of what there is. The ischs beschdä wos gid.   I can say nothing. IG cha and drzuä sägä.

Is the ugliest app in the world ... I gotta sleep NO WAKE UP! I'm so sleepy and I need sleep ... I'm think again about ste crap app ... actually I'm think again on Windos Phone😠

Very good application

Well done. Only sleep music is still missing.

I love this app! And can still serve as a timer

The bomb! Zzz

😊 Class! Feel it much more rested. Seriously though, the app is great, runs without any problems and the voice control is really great!

Good

Up on the ads just fine.

Useful

Good good

Perfect!

Works well

Great

Very good

Good application 

Very useful 

Makes sense and helps.

No interest, it's only a stopwatch

Class

Served its purpose...

Very good

You means nothing if you don't have version pay... is like an alarm clock, which is redundant

Good idea 

Actually even useless but very cool

Great app deserves five stars

Helps me a lot!

Absolutely recommended

Very good. :)

That's great

Super what it is supposed to make super design

Many

Really liked it;) helps to measure the hours of sleep in a more tangible. And the ringtones are great to wake up tb.

Excellent

Frank: A great alarm clock with attractive and creative voice control. Also the alarm time shows exactly and arouses even when mobile switched off always reliable. Really super, so my 5 star ✨ that is app their money worth. Thank you!

Super app does exactly what it is supposed to

hard his voice  lebik currently

Why so many permissions? Photos? A no-go

Useful

Great

5 not because I wanted to have a Tile not as the paid version but at least interactive

Perhaps superfluous. But works very well

All right

Very good APP, actually serves quite;), especially for those who want to sleep 5 minutitos mas xD

Like a software application

Should have tips ... Ex ... Qto time I can doze off to renew your energies without falling asleep.

Bet, convinced counts down, overslept. No useful features not found. Delete.

Perfect

Has been very good! I'm not a long time but has been useful! Recommend

Simply super

So far I have no reviews

Not always recognize command, although it is probably with the jamb. Overall, not bad. But something is missing. Well I f it girl I always something missing

I liked. Very good.

Prima! Does exactly what it is supposed to. :-)

Full well

Very good

The alarm should be more strong! (Else well!;)

Excellent

Simple but good.

Great

Great app... really useful during exams

It is good

Very cool!

Good but missing the free version options

Exactly what I was looking for :)

Fulfills its promises, great and cool pakas 

Is very good

Simple and effective

So far, everything works great! 

Practical!

Everything exactly how it is supposed to! Good app!

excellent for calculating the time

Fucked up app. ..

Someone tell me-how to change the language of the voice control? Is not Russian. It is written that one that stands-not supported

Good

A simple but very effective app!

SuperApp, at the sleeping sickness. Fast, easy to use, am excited

Very good

Super bravo because - as this promotes the well-being of all thoughtful yet bravo

Served their purpose.

Super useful. It is worth

Lack of alarms but app top 👌

What I explain that serves this App?

Excellent, I recommend them is.

Simple, but a little slow alarm

Does what it should. Wake me up

Very well

Be fulfilled purpose

It was unclear. Alarm clock and timer I have is the essence of the program is the same.

In me it works

Good

Everything is very very good, but the problem is that it gives the computer voice and I can not add my ring tones or can only put a more Bullous and repititivoz 😃 e.e *. *

I like good  thank you

By raga ', Nice ... ...! !!! Nice app. Try ... ...  😉 byebye

And an alarm ... ... ... ...

Simple and good

Man, this application has helped me a lot to be studying several hours a day. Thank you!

Does exactly what it is supposed to.

Very useful, thanks

Very good app! A great timer.

Good app, but can be improved

It serves for a few NAPs between labour and the facu. Also serves to bring cooking times. 🍕

Very well. Pre-configured to sleep 20 minutes 💤, that is ideal.

Very good I recommend it

😁 Pretty Cool application Help Level right Again I'll makin Keren 👌 such as animation 💁

What's special? Is a simple alarm clock

I think the app really super. The only thing to complain about is that one time as usual directly eistellen can.

Četkaaaaa

Top part. With the speech input works great.

It is just a timer with one or two boards this is all very interesting not in short

Very good this app does what it promises

Perfectly quickly and reliably

Useful Malcolm Alberto

Good App...aber for Htc8s only 1 star because no Windows8 kommt...schade

Super

Disappointed, really... I was expecting a real application but this is nothing more than a vulgar stopwatch. The real Board are on the sreens in the description of the app, don't expect to have another free! ^. ^ Brief good concept, its could walk but not make skinflint sleep is it primordial 

Useful once

Nice, helped me a lot!

Am having problems with the voice commands, Cortana doesn't seem to recognize it. Any suggestion?

Super apka brings a little radochę as a child 👶 budzone gently for mom. You can also use it for meditation.

It does what it is supposed to. Fine little app! Thank you!

This. Good but you got that seize the celu to activate voice command when it sounds, would be good or need it to grab and say "give me five minutes more"

Half-assed '. '

Good idea. Control said a not going but unfortunately

Very good 

What you need. Helps a lot. All rock!

Runs reliably. There could be some more sounds. Otherwise great!

Does it is supposed to and that is extremely easy to use. Way to go. Own alarm tones or access to that already in the phone available would be great.

It works beautifully.

It would be possible to immediately put the alarm time, and there's already and show the remaining time, I just use it as an alarm clock app, because traditional alarm and calls on this operating system vibrate only at the beginning, but this is really not convenient (I have a 1020), a fear not wake up at the right time and miss an important call, and for good reason, been there!

Efficient

Works perfectly, very fast, and taken into account voice commands!

I liked .... is very useful ... You can still choose the ringtones 😉

Excellent application, incredible utility

Very good

Sooo good

Simple, good, and beautiful wake-up sounds.

Ok

Very good app

Has me very helped. Loved it!

Good application, however there is a fault in french in the information, is not quickly pay but hurry. This is the most flagrant foul but there are others, I hope that everything will be corrected! ;)

Very good

The best, it's just not five due to lets the user choose the music.

Super :) Please free to let :D

Great

Once the display has not switched off.

Very great app. Really class!

Good

Show de bola, I improved a lot after that.

Good app

App really essential and sometimes useful, fully carries out its duty. Excellent with distinction.

OK. Very good

Very good 😉

Very good and useful

Update: After the update, the app also with the Nokia works 735. thanks and full score.   Has worked at Nokia 630 class. At Nokia 735 does not even start it :-(

Cool 😎 and practice 😜

Too bad because the application is actually pay to have my statistics of NAPs. In fact it is just a vulgar timer...

Voice commands Are useless

Bad, I coudn't sense...

Very useful

Super easy, practical function, look beautiful. To emit option wake up sound only through headphones would be desirable

Now it's working perfectly on my lumia 730 thank you very much for your attention and by developers have solved this bug.

Me re serves is very useful 💜 master sleep 💤

Very good

Free but should be pay for all that is interesting! In addition there are many faults of french

Finally fully usable after the update for mobile phones with on screen buttons. Super app, does what it should.

Now runs on 735 8.1. Thanks to the developers. Good App 

Nice app!

Vo👍

Better than alarms to regulate them

Perfectly integrated to CORTANA Spanish! 10 application! Just press the magnifying glass, cortana tell how much time like and have rest! zzz... Seamless background or fuse battery! ... Zape

Will not even start (lumia 730) UPDATE! Blatantly what today evening at the 14.12 Happened at 22:00. I just received a mail from the operator of this app, where he enlightened me that the error was fixed, and he said I should download it again and it may again confirm that it works. I tested it immediately, and gave him to know that it works. So: For 730 is again free! Also, I think it's super, that a developer as much trouble there! Ingenious thing! The first time I experience this!  Love greetings! ;)

Not much interesting

I loved for my NAP

I liked! Very useful

Works very well (if you fall asleep quickly)

Excellent!

Perfect!

Not for free

Does not work on Lumia 730! Crash!!

Easy to use and useful.

This good

Good...

App does not start.

Ok

Voice control at all the bomb!

Every day a small NAP, what needs it more. This little app has proven to be really for very useful.

Can not even open :-(

Works just fine! Has become my daily companion :-)

Very good

Top app. Office sleep never more, great 😇

Very well

Very good app!  Bought the Pro version, nothing is different? Where is the error?

It doesn't work yet on the Lumia 735

suspicious many requirements for an alarm clock

Well, just struckturiert, works. Good would be even if it would spend a time properties of the countdown has expired.

Perfect! Awesome!

Missing option to select music or touch alarm clock. Should develop more usage and customization options.

Good

Fantastic 😎. Very good performance by voice. Great NAPs

Had the app always starting as soon as you shown me already happy that it finally this is a good app, but crashes on screen buttons has :/ Update (30.11.2014): The new update does not fix the problem unfortunately still. Please rework.

Had the app always starting as soon as you shown me already happy that it finally this is a good app, but crashes on screen buttons has :/ Update (30.11.2014): The new update does not fix the problem unfortunately still. Please rework.

Very good

Very good. Don't let me down yet.

This program is a crap is just a chronometer

Great 😎... This App is amazing...

Good timer.

Great

Beautiful things

For a short relaxation, a great thing!

Great allgemeiner(!) Timer, not only for the NAP to the eggs cooking and board games and memories of the day. Also about the ad by - up times.

It is great and witty. Since that use the rest me better!

That's great

Exactly what I was looking for!

Super, voice commands work very well. Good and nice app raises the quality of life.

The top thirty in a mortar, Italia

Top app. All very exemplary. Good timer and with the voice control more practical! Good work!

The voice command cannot be used

I think it's good

Goes well and with voice command is more easy to use

Not interesting ...

I love this app! Very good

Super! It took me exactly that. :) But the wake-up sounds might be happy to even more extreme for people with solid sleep.

It is very piola. Quickly and easily. Countdown to schedule a quick NAP. Councils and direct access to airplane mode to choose not be interrupted.

Handy when I want to put short time minutes simply open the app set to rest mode without I fumble around in the system on alarm clock musst.so now I'm napping ;)

It's great, I suffer from insomnia and short NAPs helps a lot, and more if you wake up with cute sounds, I recommend it

Pointless

Does not open the lumia 730

Ok

Super convenient to manage his time! 

Simply good.

Excellent!

It should be completely free

Excellent, I have no complaints 

Simply practical!

The most reliable timers for Windowsphone and absolutely quickly ready for use to the enable. Whether in the background or Lokscreen, Super! 😎 Even after phone restart I was reminded, am excited! The note to the offline mode must be but not extra written, button do just fine.  Thank you very much, that it is free of charge and without advertising 

Very good application. Useful.

Good application. Recommended

What do they make super app

I give the * star

Excellent application!

Excellent you under a star xq costs me to pronounce it with the voice command

It's kinda cool

the ringtones are very very nice and she also a multi host to the on waking (very empfelens's ward is also a schlumertaste and the app says also lassf)

very good App

Excellent app, 100% recommended

To the tell a friend

Very good

Super app so short NAP sets the mood.

Cool app!

Very good

That's great

Excellent very fast and easy to use :D

Unfortunately does not start on lumia 730 Addendum: thanks to the criticism of John I can start now at least the app if I cover from the onscreen buttons with the windows logo below. I would never have it. Wanted the app uninstall already, but now there are at least hoping for an update

Very good!

Just great! As someone programming has become what at thought: easy &amp; intuitive &amp; soooo handy!

Good

You control how many hours duemes xD

Impossible to imagine.

Great :)

Very useful to time how many hours sleep a day.

Great app. They can be activated by language very quickly.  The voice is always detected and the app wakes one reliably to the desired time.  It is nice that the app wishes you a good night's sleep one and tells one how many minutes she wakes one.

What

Very good!!!

Perfect!

Nice concept, on the other hand packed full of misspellings that looks like the author has large gaps (or the translator)

Good

Superb! Simply excellent.

Great!

Very well

Top, just as well as I need it!

Very good note 10

Impect works with closed app

This regular

Is super

Very good this application ... Recommended ...

Suitable for everyday use and satisfactory

Useful

Beautiful...

Very bad

I love this app. can't control my sleep and know the time overnight stays, besides he bring q tips help you a lot.

The application is simple, but it works exactly as I wanted to

Class

Can not interpret 60 minutes or an hour. Is interpreted in 16 minutes. Speech recognition of phone Yes below displays the recognized text and there are also correctly detected the 60 minutes. Otherwise, the app would be perfect.

The best

easy and convenient

Cute! Finally a happy way to wake up 

Very good!

Great app! Loved the sound of the sea to wake up! :)

Good

Very handy

Good recommended App - Lumia 625

It could be better

perfect

Good, but the voice commands are difficult and are not well understood.

Great 

The sounds of "alarm clock" reminded me of my childhood. I really enjoyed

Very good

It is very good LO soem journal is very good

App is super, but my in-app purchase has the additional feature off please update 8.1 cyan, the app, I want back!

Excellent application

Is fun!

Very good and useful for my!

Top, nicely done.

Very practical.

Very good I like very much.!

Practical, fast, einfach

Very good

Ok

A very good application... It is useful

Good 

Good idea, but voice support for pt br eh awful, he just doesn't understand any time I speak, I ask for 10 min and it activates 50 min, ask 5, he makes 2 ...

Good

Easy to use. Toll

Hummm maso less ehhh is what... The rest of the q shows you the application you have q download it 7.7 thought q would come all trailer including the calendar.

Of the reconn!

Very good

Very good app helps you much 

Very good

Fast and convenient

Last updated did not please, took the party to roll the hour/minutes. Now we have to hold "▶" until you reach the desired time

Very good and easy to use!

Good

After the update is not vibrating. L620.

Is offered free of charge. But she isn't. To use more than the "snooze"function, you have to pay€ 1.49. Uninstalled 😞 again.

It's useful, very useful

Very good

I found this app useless, I thought qe was serving to help you sleep, but only marks the hours and plays for the vc msm common alarm clock function 😐

Is quite good

Very good

Simple, but nice. A beautiful chime.

Very good to take a NAP in the tranquility,

Fulfills its promises. Excellent! 

Class

Well

Great. So far, I was always afraid to miss my stop. Drive 30 min. by bus. Now I can sleep safely. Super.

Very useful

Good

Very good indeed. Used more often than you think!

Useful

Excellent

App perfect! The voice command is not 100%. He misses the alarm time. But this isn't a big problem, pq, is faster you open and put the alarm than wait for voice search loading ...

Very useful I really enjoyed

Good

Fine app, I think it is good. Can I recommend

Super convenient and ergonomic

fucking fudeno

Very good

Great application! Quite useful

I loved!!

I find the app class to just n NAP between to push

Works and great look for me.

Good 😶

I have criticism not funzt smoothly

Estu pendex application

Huehue. Great for take that NAP &lt; 3

Very good

Application nothing short of fabulous! Essential, at least for me, that I always have no time for restart with all I have to do. Done well, with a unique design. And these are three stars ... but the fourth I added to the "Ocean". There is no best thing that wake up with the sound of waves, is relaxing. Furthermore is interactive as well as a little WP 8.1 with his new updates, I really like this. The only flaw is that it was in the background sounds with a few seconds of delay, macchisenefrega, are second. Why four stars? I would encourage developers to make it more interactive, as I said before, I like the idea that my phone is a type of personal assistant, and in this regard, Microsoft is making strides. Just see Cortana. All to say one thing: great app, the Council.

Very helpful although it looks like a normal alarm clock

Great I recommend

Idea, implementation and control top. Don't know what you could do even better at the app.

Very good, I loved it

That's great

Useful practical, no frills

Reliable alarm clock. Perfect for an afternoon nap.

Good

Good

Very good

Very good

Very very good!

It seems bommmmmm

Cool ... Pretty cool ... Too bad you have to buy to get the days scheduled and all control

Very good 10000000 .... Worth download it!!!

The app is just excellent. Design and functions are exemplary. You can easily control everything by voice command and the app takes off the rest of a, so that you can immediately relax. If you want statistics, paid a small amount. But even without these, PowernApp is fully functional. Really top!

Bad

Very pleasant awakening

Just loves to recommend  for each of the NAP

Testing 😉

Ojala was full :'(

Power what should they :-)

Free? Not really, if we want to see the interesting part of the analysis, it pays! When these pesky applications will they spend in pay category?

Very good!

Practical, useful and simple. Excellent.

Good app. Only you don't see the current time, and that's stupid. Otherwise really great :-)

Alarm clock halt😃

Much weight

Very good

Very useful app!

Very great app to the powernappen

Does what it should!

I would like that sounds of nature for a NAP could add more relaxing :)

Very good

Versatile to use.

V. good.

I would have bought this app. But I don't know English 😞

Good

Very handy!

Since I feel better!

Very useful ... Recommend

Great, would simply add you an option that does not allow to postpone, another way will continue to do it excellent app haha

Full super

Good

Excellent

Excellence is the word, I wish I could buy the full version. Very useful in the Cortana wait in Spanish.

Very good

NAP ok.

Very nice especially the part of the voice command

Zzzzzzzzzzzz ... muito bom ... zzzzzz

Good, functional

Excellent application. It fulfills its mission fully

Beautiful!!! 

Well... I've bought to support the developer's Funzt

Great, very useful for me. Do not use to wake up but rather how countdown timer ...

It does what it should, so in order

Nice app, especially the voice control is a nice feature 

Nice app, you will be woken up friendly! :)

Class

Awakens a pleasant after the preset time.

Very well structured, easy to use app. You can slip easily in and out - in the power NAP.

Top, clear alarm signal and easy to use.

Does exactly what it says it will do. Works perfectly and it very convenient. Love it ❤

Good

Great! Free! Amazingly worth it.

Muito bom recomendo...

Super.useful.

Cool app

Good app but doesn't really make scene to me. No instructions when you first get into the app. 😌

I really like it alot!!!!!

Although the voice commands clearly recognize my statement "hey Cortana power nap for 30 minutes", it will never input 30 minutes. Instead it inputs 3 minutes or 45 or 33. Any other time recognizes fine.

Works like a charm. Simple and easy to use.

Simple, fast, reliable! What do you want more.

Fantastic!

Great app, does exactly what I want

Solid, simple and reliable.

Ótimo, mais poderia melhorar,tipo marcar horas ideais d sono, ele é um app bem simples...então nao acho q não seria tão difícil assim...fica dica produtores...

Awesomeeeee

Nice

Best timer for windows phones

Aplicativo nao abre no preview do Windows 10, corrijam.

Muito útil

Very good app How can change the alarm sound ???

Love it!

Excelente vale a pena pagar.

Solid app that does what it says

Nokia 1520 good

Love it

Works well! Would be even better if you could manually set the alarm by typing instead of relying on "+" or "-" buttons.

Great!

Love it! I need power naps, almost every day, and this app is so simple to use.

Simple useful app.

Voice command doesn't always work. Hard to set alarm for longer sleep without voice commands.

Good....

Great app for my daily nap

Me encanta esta app es muy útil para viajar en autobús 🚌 además de que responde a comandos de voz con Cortana

Simplicity. PowernAPP make my power napping really easy.

Please have more

Does what it says it's great

Good

Muy buena app Para los que no se despiertan

Excellent app.

Nice app, it wake me up!

Well done dev..

Works great, can't beat it. I use it all the time.

Great I use it every single day

A short-time alarm that actually works

Very well done. It could have an option to choose from phone ringtones, buts that could be the next step.

Cool, but nothing out of this world

Can be made better . Contact me , idea improviser

Powerful app

Great app

Nice app.... Good work for the developers

Excelente

enjoy

I use this at work on my break.  Like that u can enable airplane mode from this app.

Better

Easy To use tnx

Awesome app, I only wish u could use your music for the alarm sound.

Rubbish

Really cool like a simple timer with napping tips. Can set the timer for any amount of time and it displays what time you will wake. Very simple and straightforward. Several alarm tones to choose from. Only you have to choose theirs, no custom tones. Pretty cool app for someone who needs a fast and easy way to set an alarm for certain amount of time.

E bom

Tut was es soll. Passt

Really move this app. Much more reliable and convenient then windows built in alarm. I use it every night

Very useful App..

Yep it works

Best nap ever

Muito bom

Works

tha best!!

This vey usefull

Excellent, simple

This phones alarm doesn't tell me how much time I have to sleep. This is so easy just wind it up n it tells you when you'll wake up with how much you get to sleep kinda big. I love this so much.

It's a timer

App does what it does. I suggestion I could give though is custom sounds.

I miss the point... cortana can do the same thing... or if you're not too lazy - can't you just use regular alarm?

Very good

I like it I use it every night

Perfekt!

Best thing since sliced bread

Awesome napping without the hassle of setting up alarms

Great tool

I actually really like it. Its pretty easy to use and way more practical than alarm. The tips also helped me to sleep better. Cheers

Good

Works for what it says it  does perfectly.

Perfect except the ring

aaron

Very useful

Bingo!
